Redis fault injection (#10784)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/listeners/network_filters/redis_proxy_filter.rst

redis.drain_close_enabled
  % of connections that will be drain closed if the server is draining and would otherwise
  attempt a drain close. Defaults to 100.

.. _config_network_filters_redis_proxy_fault_injection:

Fault Injection
---------------

The Redis filter can perform fault injection. Currently, Delay and Error faults are supported.
Delay faults delay a request, and Error faults respond with an error. Moreover, errors can be delayed.

If multiple faults are specified, the fault injection percentage should not exceed 100% for a given 
fault and Redis command combination. For example, if you have two faults; one applying to GET at 60
%, and one applying to all commands at 50%, that is a bad configuration as GET now has 110% chance of
applying a fault. The Redis filter does not check for correctness in your configuration- it is user's

> responsibility to make sure both the default and runtime percentages are correct!

Reviewer: This is kind of strange. Can we just do the right checking in code and fail the config load?

Author: In the current scheme, we check the fault runtime value every request, if set, so we'd need to check correctness at request time if at all. A priori I expect users to change fault behavior at runtime vs at config time.

I considered only periodically checking the fault injection percentage- say every minute or so- and storing a fault table that is verified for correctness. However, it's not clear to me what Envoy behavior should be if we break fault injection at runtime- should we log an error and stop applying faults? What do you think?

Reviewer: OK I see. I think this is probably fine for now, but can you potentially try to write this a bit more crisply? I found this confusing from a read through.

redis.drain_close_enabled
  % of connections that will be drain closed if the server is draining and would otherwise
  attempt a drain close. Defaults to 100.

.. _config_network_filters_redis_proxy_fault_injection:

Fault Injection
---------------

The Redis filter can perform fault injection. Currently, Delay and Error faults are supported.
Delay faults delay a request, and Error faults respond with an error. Moreover, errors can be delayed.

> Note that the Redis filter does not check for correctness in your configuration- it is user's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the Redis filter does not check for correctness in your configuration - it is the user's
```

responsibility to make sure both the default and runtime percentages are correct! This is because
percentages can be changed during runtime, and validating correctness at request time is expensive.
If multiple faults are specified, the fault injection percentage should not exceed 100% for a given 

> fault and Redis command combination. For example, if you have two faults; one applying to GET at 60

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fault and Redis command combination. For example, if two faults are specified; one applying to GET at 60
```

> %, and one applying to all commands at 50%, that is a bad configuration as GET now has 110% chance of

Reviewer: What happens in this case? It's not clear.

Author: Every request will get a fault. I'll explicitly state that.

applying a fault.

> If a delay is injected, the delay is additive- if the request took 400ms and a delay of 100ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a delay is injected, the delay is additive - if the request took 400ms and a delay of 100ms
```

is injected, then the total request latency is 500ms. Also, due to implementation of the redis protocol,
a delayed request will delay everything that comes in after it, due to the proxy's need to respect the 
order of commands it receives.

Note that faults must have a `fault_enabled` field, and are not enabled by default (if no default value
or runtime key are set).

Example configuration:

.. code-block:: yaml

  faults:
  - fault_type: ERROR
    fault_enabled:
      default_value:
        numerator: 10
        denominator: HUNDRED
      runtime_key: "bogus_key"
      commands:
      - GET
    - fault_type: DELAY
      fault_enabled:
        default_value:
          numerator: 10
          denominator: HUNDRED
        runtime_key: "bogus_key"
      delay: 2s

> This creates two faults- an error, applying only to GET commands at 10%, and a delay, applying to all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates two faults - an error, applying only to GET commands at 10%, and a delay, applying to all
```
